welcome to shift4 in this tutorial on
the f5 and 55 Wi-Fi function the latest
made to 1.2 update for the f5 and f55
included the wireless control function
via Wi-Fi which utilizes the browser of
your smartphone tablet or laptop to
control the camera wirelessly with a
range of about 10 meters line-of-sight
this new capability is useful for
working on jibs and cranes or with a
camera mounted monitor a camera system
could control menus as well as the
settings of the camera first connect the
ifu wlm 3 dongle to the camera remove
the cap near the front of the camera
next to the viewfinder port plug in the
dongle and replace the cap to activate
the Wi-Fi go into the menu scroll down
to system and go into Wi-Fi select Wi-Fi
and enable while in this menu select
SSID and password to display the
password which you'll need in a moment
now connect to the cameras Wi-Fi network
view wireless networks on your device
select the camera and enter the password
displayed in the SSID and password menu
of the camera
finally go to your device's internet
browser and type 1000 won into the URL
you'll be asked for a username and
password which can both be found in the
camera menu go to system and basic
authentication type the username and
password into the browser and you're
connected your device will remember the
network username and password so you'll
only need to do these once at the top of
the display err the current settings
time code and audio levels these sign
page allows you to assign functions to
the for user buttons and turn them on
and off the main page has all the
functions of the cameras side LCD
display record function and bars plus
white balance and black balance
execution the cursor page allows you to
enter the menu to change settings as
well as browse the cameras Status pages
however this requires the use of an
external monitor the Wi-Fi requires
line-of-sight and has a max range of
approximately 10 meters if it loses
connection you need to reconnect
manually this is however quite quick to
do by just re-entering the URL the
fourth page on the controller's playback
unfortunately it's not possible to
access the thumbnail menu from your
device this has to be done on the side
of the camera making this page somewhat
redundant this however may be resolved
in a future operate for more information
technical help or to hire an f5 or a 55
contact ship form